
This 1946 Pontiac Streamliner station wagon is finished in black with
two-tone wood paneling over brown, and it is powered by 249ci
straight-eight mated to a column-shift three-speed manual transmission.
Features include a black vinyl roof cover, a ribbed wooden headliner,
front fog lamps, a split tailgate, and an AM radio. The car was acquired
by the selling dealer in 2018, and recent service included replacing the
battery. This Pontiac Streamliner station wagon is now offered in Arizona
with a clean California title.

1946 Pontiac Streamliner Station Wagon

The wagon body consists of wood paneling, black-painted fenders with
horizontal red accent stripes, and a black vinyl roof cover. Features
include a three-bar front grille, a "Chief Pontiac" hood ornament, front
fog lamps, and chrome bumpers with overriders. The condition of the wood
paneling is shown close up in gallery below.


Red-painted steel wheels feature chrome covers and trim rings and are
mounted with wide-whitewall tires all around.


The interior is upholstered in brown vinyl and features a Deluxe AM
push-button radio, a lockable glove box with an analog clock, a painted
dashboard, and a ribbed wooden slat headliner. Pitting is visible on the
chrome trim, and one of the radio buttons is broken.


The three-spoke steering wheel frames a 100-mph speedometer, along with
auxiliary gauges for battery, fuel level, water temperature, and oil
pressure. The five-digit odometer shows 29k miles, with total mileage
unknown.


The 249ci Silver Streak flathead straight-eight was factory rated at 103
horsepower, which is sent to the rear wheels through a column-shift
three-speed manual transmission. The battery was recently replaced
according to the seller.


Additional underside photographs are provided in the gallery below.

