
This 1962 Porsche 356B 1600S was completed on December 28, 1961 and is one
of 248 roadster models featuring T6, "twin-grille" coachwork from
Da**Ieteren FrA"res. The car was originally finished in Oslo Blue over
grey leather and reportedly spent much of its early life in California. A
cosmetic refurbishment was performed in the mid-2000s and included
repainting the car in black and reupholstering the interior in tan
leather. The numbers-matching 1.6-liter Super flat-four remains fitted and
is paired with a replacement four-speed transaxle. Following the
refurbishment, the car spent time in the Oldenburg Collection before being
acquired by the selling dealer in March 2020. This 356B roadster is now
offered in Cedar Rapids, Iowa, with a Porsche Certificate of Authenticity
and a clean California title.

1962 Porsche 356B 1600S Twin Grille Roadster

The roadster model was introduced in 1960 as a replacement for the
one-year-only Convertible D, and in 1962 saw the introduction of T6
bodywork with its dual engine lid grilles. The Da**Ieteren FrA"res
coachwork was refinished in black during the mid-2000s, and close-up
photos of the body panels, shut lines, brightwork, and lenses can be
viewed in the gallery.


Ventilated 15'' steel wheels are finished in gray and wear 165-series
Michelin XZX tires. A leaking left rear brake cylinder was repaired in
March 2020. The Da**Ieteren badge, along with photos of the replacement
soft top in its raised position, can be viewed in the gallery.


Originally trimmed in grey, the interior was reupholstered in the
mid-2000s and features a tan leather dash pad, door panels, and seats,
along with matching square-weave carpets and a black rubber floor mat. The
reclining seats were a factory option, and additional amenities include
aftermarket headrests, door pockets with locking clasps, chrome-plated
interior fittings, and a height-adjustable rearview mirror. The horn was
repaired in March 2020.


The wood-rimmed steering wheel frames a Super tachometer with a 5k-rpm
redline, as well as a 120-mph speedometer and combination gauge for oil
temperature and fuel level. The five-digit odometer shows 71k miles.


The a 1.6-liter Type 616/12 flat-four was rated for 75 horsepower when
new, 15 more than the Type 616/1 engine found in a standard 356. A leak
from the right carburetor was repaired in March 2020.


Stamping *700369* can be seen above and matches the engine number listed
on the Porsche CoA.


A photo of the replacement Type 741 transaxle can be seen above.


The Porsche Certificate of Authenticity lists the original colors and
powertrain numbers, along with the production completion date. A video
featuring driving footage and a walk-around is provided below.

