
This 1965 Mercedes-Benz 220SEb coupe was acquired by the seller's late
father from the original owner's family approximately two decades ago. The
seller's father owned a body shop in Winnipeg, Manitoba in Canada, and
under his care the exterior was refinished in blue with a white roof.
Power comes from a fuel-injected inline-six paired with a four-speed
automatic transmission, and additional features include a tan leather
interior with burl wood trim, air conditioning, and an AM/FM radio, as
well as 13'' wheels with chrome covers. This W111 coupe is now offered
with a set of five uninstalled Bundt wheels, some recent service receipts,
and transferable Manitoba registration in the seller's name.

1965 Mercedes-Benz 220SEb Coupe

The exterior is finished in blue with a white roof, chrome trim, and dual
exhaust tips. The car was repainted by the seller's father's body shop in
Winnipeg.


Mercedes covers are mounted on 13'' steel wheels, which also wear Cooper
Trendsetter SE tires. The suspension was serviced in May 2020.


The cabin features tan leather upholstery, darker carpeting, and burl wood
trim that extends from the dashboard to the A-pillars. Amenities include
front bucket seats, an AM/FM radio, an analog clock, a wood center
console, and a rear armrest.


A white two-spoke steering wheel sits ahead of VDO instrumentation that
includes a 7k-rpm tachometer, a 140-mph speedometer, and vertical
auxiliary gauges. The five-digit odometer shows 12k miles, and true
mileage is unknown.


The inline-six features Bosch mechanical fuel injection and delivers power
to the rear wheels through a four-speed automatic transmission.


Additional photos showing the suspension, the chassis, and underbody
corrosion are presented in the gallery below.


A set of five 14'' Bundt alloy wheels will accompany the car and are
mounted with unused Michelin tires.

