
This 1968 Chevrolet Camaro Z28 was reportedly refurbished in 2014 by
Platinum Muscle Cars of Bolivar, Missouri, and was acquired by the seller
in 2015. The car is finished in Tripoli Turquoise over a black vinyl
interior and features a black vinyl roof, black stripes, and chrome
bumpers and moldings. Power is provided by a 302ci V8 paired with a
four-speed manual transmission and a 12-bolt Posi-traction rear axle.
Equipment includes power-assisted front disc brakes, a center console with
auxiliary gauges, and a push-button Delco AM/FM radio. This Camaro is now
offered with judges score sheets and a Concours Silver Certificate from
the 2017 Muscle Car and Corvette Nationals, refurbishment photos, and a
clean Indiana title in the seller's name.

1968 Chevrolet Camaro Z28 4-Speed

The body was refinished in its factory Tripoli Turquoise (K) with black
stripes and a black vinyl top as part of the refurbishment completed in
2014. Features include a black front lip spoiler, chrome bumpers and
rocker panel moldings, and chrome wheel arch moldings.


15'' rally wheels wear chrome center caps and beauty rings and are wrapped
in Goodyear Wide Tread GT tires. Power-assisted brakes utilize ventilated
discs on the front and finned drums at the rear. The front subframe and
rear axle were painted during the 2014 refurbishment.


The interior is trimmed in black vinyl with matching carpets and door
panels, a black dash pad, and woodgrain veneer on the center console.
Amenities include a polished shifter, a push-button Delco AM/FM radio, and
a wood-rimmed three-spoke steering wheel.


Instrumentation consists of a 120-mph speedometer and a 7k-rpm tachometer
ahead of the driver, as well as ancillary gauges in the center console
displaying battery voltage, coolant temperature, fuel level, and oil
pressure. The five-digit odometer shows 13k miles, approximately 100 of
which have been added by the seller in five years. True mileage is
unknown.


The 302ci small-block V8 featured 11:1 compression, solid lifters, and a
Holley four-barrel carburetor for a factory-rated output of 290 horsepower
and 290 lb-ft of torque. A cowl plenum air cleaner is fitted.


The engine stamping contains an a**MOa** suffix, indicating a Z28 model
with a 290 horsepower 302ci V8 and a manual transmission.


Power is sent to the rear wheels through a Muncie M-22 four-speed manual
transmission and a 3.73:1 12-bolt rear axle with Posi-traction.


The transmission number "P8K09c" indicates a Muncie M-22 four-speed built
on July 9th.

