
This 1968 Ferrari 365 GTC is the 34th of 168 examples produced between
1968 and 1970, and is powered by its numbers-matching 4.4-liter Colombo
V12. Optioned from the factory with air conditioning and a Becker Mexico
cassette radio, chassis 12091 was featured in the April 1986 issue of
Cavallino magazine while registered in Michigan. The car was later
restored in California during the mid-1990s, and was owned by the Monte
Shelton Motor Company before being acquired by the current owner in 2013.
Factory equipment includes a gated shifter, 14'' Borrani wire wheels,
power-assisted steering and brakes, and a rear-mounted five-speed
transaxle. This 365 GTC is now offered on dealer consignment in
Emeryville, California, with owner's manuals, a replica tool roll,
restoration records, and an Ohio title that describes the car as a 1967
model.

1968 Ferrari 365 GTC

The 365 GTC's predecessor, the 330 GTC, debuted at the Geneva Auto Show in
1966. Pininfarina styling was largely carried over from the 330 to the
365, and the model retained the 2,400mm wheelbase that it also shared with
the 275 GTB. In order to improve weight distribution, the gearbox was
mounted out back in a transaxle configuration with the rear end.


This car was delivered from the factory finished in Argento
Metallizzato,A and received a color change to white at some point prior to
the mid-1980s. It was repainted again during the 1990s restoration, and
the chrome trim was also re-plated. The 14'' Borrani wire wheels are
secured with three-eared knock-offs and wear Bridgestone Turanza tires. A
matching spare is mounted under the trunk floor.


Suspension is fully independent and features unequal A-arms, coil springs,
and orange Koni shocks all around. Braking is handled by power-assisted
discs at all four corners. The power steering system aids in low-speed
driving and automatically shuts off above 25 mph. A replacement steering
shaft was installed during previous ownership, and the factory unit is
included in the sale.


The interior was reupholstered in factory-style Nero FranziA leather with
red carpets by Don Mertz Restorations of Sun Valley, California in March
1994. Cabin features include air conditioning, power windows, a Becker
Mexico AM/FM/cassette radio, a gated shifter, and a pleated headliner.


A Nardi steering wheel frames Veglia Borletti instrumentation, including a
300-km/h speedometer and 8k-rpm tachometer, as well as gauges for oil
temperature, oil pressure, and coolant temperature. A Veglia fuel level
gauge, ammeter, and clock are mounted in the center of the wood dash
fascia. Just over 40k kilometers (~25k miles) are shown on the five-digit
odometer, 4k of which (~2,400 miles) have been added during current
ownership.


The 4.4-liter Tipo 245C Colombo V12 features a single overhead camshaft
for each cylinder bank, as well as two valves per cylinder and dual
Marelli distributors. It was rated for 320 horsepower from the factory,
and the car had an advertised 0-60 mph time of 6.3 seconds. Engine
stamping 12091 can be seen in the gallery and matches the chassis tag.


Additional underside photos are viewable in the gallery below, showing the
tubular frame, exhaust system, independent suspension, and rear-mounted
transaxle.


Owner's manuals and a factory-style tool roll are included in the sale.
Restoration records can be reviewed in the gallery, along with the 1986
Cavallino feature. Walk-around and driving videos are viewable below.

