
This 1972 Mercedes-Benz 280SE is powered by a 4.5-liter M117 V8 mated to a
three-speed automatic transmission and is finished in Blue Green over
Mahogany. Equipment includes steel wheels with painted center caps, chrome
trim, air conditioning, a wood dash panel, power windows, and an
aftermarket cassette stereo. This W108 was acquired by the selling dealer
in 2012 from a collector in Ohio and is now offered in Wisconsin with a
clean Wisconsin title.

1972 Mercedes-Benz 280SE 4.5

The selling dealer states that the exterior was refinished in Blue Green
in the early 1990s and that the passenger-side front fender and the bottom
of the doors were repaired and repainted due to rust damage. Equipment
includes quad headlights, side mirrors, a single exhaust outlet, and
chrome bumpers, window surrounds, and trim. Paint chips and other
imperfections are noted.


14'' steel wheels wear color-matched Mercedes-Benz covers and are fitted
with 205/70 Goodyear Aquatred tires at each corner. A spare tire is
mounted in the trunk.


The cabin is upholstered in Mahogany with matching carpets and a burl wood
dash panel. Interior amenities include air conditioning, three-point
seatbelts, power windows, front armrests, a heated rear window, and an
aftermarket Kawasaki cassette stereo. Wear is noted on the driver's seat,
and the heater control levers are broken.


The two-spoke steering wheel frames a 140-mph speedometer, a clock, and
gauges for temperature, oil pressure, and fuel level. The five-digit
odometer shows 63k miles, approximately 600 of which were added by the
selling dealer. Total mileage is unknown.


The fuel-injected 4.5-liter M117 V8 sends power to the rear wheels through
a three-speed automatic transmission. The fuel pump and hoses were
replaced in November 2019. Rust is noted around the serial number plate.


Additional underside photos are provided in the gallery. A video with
walk-around and driving footage is viewable below.

