
This 1975 Datsun 280Z 2+2 was originally delivered to Topping Motors in
Tacoma, Washington, and was acquired by the selling dealer in 2020,
reportedly from the family of the original owner. The car is finished in
Emerald Green over black vinyl and is powered by a 2.8-liter L28E
inline-six mated to a three-speed automatic transmission. Equipment
includes Panasport wheels, chrome trim, air conditioning, and an
aftermarket Alpine CD stereo. This 280Z 2+2 is now offered by the selling
dealer in California with a window sticker, service records, and a clean
Washington title.

1975 Datsun 280Z 2+2

The exterior was reportedly refinished in its factory Emerald Green in
2001. Equipment includes polished bumpers, a driver-side mirror, tinted
glass, a single exhaust outlet, and chrome window surrounds. Chrome peel
is noted on the front bumper.


Eight-spoke Panasport wheels are fitted with Continental ExtremeContact
tires. Power-assisted front disc brakes and rear drums were equipped from
the factory.


The cabin is upholstered in black vinyl with matching a matching center
console, doors, and fold-down rear bucket seats. Interior amenities
include an aftermarket Alpine CD stereo, air conditioning, lockable
glovebox storage, and floor mats.


The aftermarket three-spoke steering wheel fronts a 160-mph speedometer
and an 8k-rpm tachometer. The five-digit odometer shows 71k miles,
approximately 20 of which were added by the selling dealer. Total mileage
is unknown.


The 2.8-liter L28E inline-six is equipped with Bosch fuel injection and
was factory rated at 170 horsepower and 163 lb-ft of torque. The oil was
changed in preparation for the sale.


Power is sent to the rear wheels through a three-speed automatic
transmission.


A window sticker shows initial delivery to Topping Motors in Tacoma,
Washington, and lists factory equipment for a total price of $7,951.

