
This 1987 BMW M6 was sold new by Charles Evans BMW in Georgia and in 1997
it was acquired from its second owner by the seller, who has since added
approximately 43k of its 94k indicated miles. Finished in Cinnabar Red
over tan leather, the car is powered by a 3.5-liter inline-six paired with
a five-speed manual transmission. Modifications include a period Motorola
car phone, sheepskin seat covers, a Dinan engine chip, a Dinan strut-tower
brace, a Pioneer CD changer, and an alarm system. The transmission was
replaced in 2011, and in 2018 the brakes and suspension were serviced.
This M6 is now offered with a removed set of factory wheels with center
caps, unused floor mats, partial service records, copies of the M6
newsletter, factory tools, a clean Carfax report, and a clean Utah title
in the seller's name.

23-Years-Owned 1987 BMW M6

Over a six-year production run 5,855 examples of the E24 M6 were built,
1,767 of which reportedly were designated for the North American market.
This example is finished in Zinnoberrot (Cinnabar Red, 138) and features
include a front lip, a rear spoiler, and flared fender arches. The seller
notes a blemish on the driver-side front fender.


Factory 415mm cross-spoke wheels wear BMW center caps as well as 240/45
Michelin Radial X tires. The M6 features a lower ride height compared with
the standard E24. In November 2018 the brake calipers were rebuilt, the
rotors and pads were replaced, and the suspension was serviced.


The cabin is trimmed in tan leather. The seller states that the sheepskin
covers have protected the power-adjustable front seats for 23 years, and
the seats are shown in the photo gallery below with the covers removed.
Amenities include a period Motorola car phone with a remote speaker, air
conditioning, and a factory cassette player, beneath which are controls
for an aftermarket trunk-mounted Pioneer six-disc CD changer. An Autopage
alarm system has also been added.


A three-spoke M steering wheel sits ahead of factory instrumentation that
includes a 170-mph speedometer and an M Sport 8k-rpm tachometer. The
six-digit odometer shows 94k miles, just under 43k of which have been
added by the seller since 1997.


The 3.5-liter S38B35 inline-six was rated at 256 horsepower and 243 lb-ft
of torque, which is delivered to the rear wheels through a five-speed
Getrag 280 manual transmission. Receipts shown in the photo gallery
indicate that the transmission was replaced with a component supplied by a
BMW dealer in 2011, at which point the flywheel was resurfaced. A Dinan
tuning chip and strut brace also have been installed, as has a Schumacher
onboard battery tender.


Additional photos of the underside are presented in the gallery below.


Sales paperwork from Charles Evans BMW in Duluth, Georgia indicates a
total retail price of $59,319.


The accompanying set of factory metric cross-spoke wheels is depicted
above.


The April 2020 Carfax report shows no accidents or other issues, with
registration activity listed in Utah from July 1990 when the car had 30k
miles, one entry in Hawaii in 1991, and further entries in Utah through a
passed state safety inspection in March 2020.

Filed under: 6 series, 6-series, e24

