
This 1990 Porsche 944 S2 cabriolet was purchased in 2011 by the seller,
who has since added 5k of the 34k miles shown. It is finished in triple
black and powered by a 3.0-liter DOHC inline-four paired with a five-speed
manual transaxle. Amenities include front fog lights, cruise control,
power-adjustable front sport seats, an Alpine stereo, power windows, and
17'' Cup 2-style wheels. Service performed within the last two years
included a brake fluid flush and the replacement of the timing belt, water
pump, thermostat, rollers, and spark plugs. This 944 S2 cabriolet is now
offered with partial service records, a clean Carfax report, and a clean
New Jersey title in the seller's name.

34k-Mile 1990 Porsche 944 S2 Cabriolet 5-Speed

The car is finished in black and features a black soft top with a matching
boot cover. Exterior equipment includes front fog lights, pop-up
headlights, and a lower rear spoiler. The powered soft top is shown in its
lowered position in the gallery, and videos showing its function are
provided below as well.


Silver-finished 17'' Cup 2-style wheels feature colored Porsche-crest
center caps and wear Continental ExtremeContact DW Tuned tires measuring
205/50 up front and 255/40 out back with date codes from 2013 and 2012,
respectively. Braking is provided by four-wheel discs clamped by
Porsche-branded black-finished calipers, and the brake fluid was flushed
in 2018.


The cabin features seats upholstered in black leather with matching door
panels and carpeting. Equipment includes power-adjustable front sport
seats, cruise control, an aftermarket Alpine CD stereo, and power windows.
The seller states that the air-conditioning system does not work, and a
WeatherTech liner is fitted in the trunk.


The leather-wrapped airbag steering wheel fronts a 170-mph speedometer and
a tachometer with a 6,400-rpm redline, along with gauges for fuel level
and water temperature. The six-digit odometer shows just under 34k miles,
approximately 5k of which were added by the seller.


The 3.0-liter M44/41 inline-four produced 208 horsepower and 207 lb-ft of
torque when new, which is sent to the rear wheels through a five-speed
manual transaxle. Service performed in August 2018 included an oil change
and the the installation of a replacement timing belt, water pump,
rollers, thermostat, radiator hose, and spark plugs.


Additional underside photos are provided in the gallery below.


The Carfax report shows no accidents or other damage and lists
registration history in New York and New Jersey through its most recent
entry in January 2020.

