
This 1961 Alfa Romeo Giulietta Sprint was built on November 13, 1959 and
sold new in the US before being acquired by the seller from a neighbor in
Costa Mesa, California in 1974. Power comes from a replacement 1,750cc
twin-cam four that features a Weber carburetor and is paired with a
five-speed manual transmission. The car is finished in white over a black
interior, and additional modifications include front disc brakes as well
as a period aftermarket radio and power antenna. This Giulietta Sprint is
offered with spare parts, service records from 1998 to present,
correspondence from Centro Documentazione Museo Alfa, and a clean
California title in the seller's name.

46-Years-Owned 1961 Alfa Romeo Giulietta Sprint

The car was acquired by the seller with a damaged right front fender that
was replaced in 1976.A Delivered from the factory in Rosso Alfa, it was
repainted in black following the bodywork and then again in its current
white in 1992.A Rust is noted behind both rear wheel arches, and the
rusted trunk floor was covered in fiberglass by the seller in the 1970s.


The condition of the brightwork and other trim is shown up close in the
gallery below along with the pop-out rear quarter windows. Painted 15''
steel wheels wear chrome hubcaps and Nexen SB-802 tires that were
installed in 2013. Front disc brakes were installed in 1989, the brake
master cylinder was rebuilt in 2015, and a new wheel cylinder and brake
line were fitted in 2017.


New carpets and door panels were installed in 2005 along with fresh vinyl
and cloth seat upholstery. A Fulton AM/FM radio with a power antenna was
installed by the seller in 1976. A new turn signal switch was fitted in
2018.


The two-spoke steering wheel shows several cracks and frames a 120-mph
speedometer, a tachometer, and a combination gauge. Just over 62k chassis
miles are shown on the five-digit odometer, which is said to have rolled
over in 1991. Approximately 107k miles have been added by the seller in 46
years, and total mileage is unknown. Aftermarket amperage and water
temperature gauges are mounted to the underside of the dashboard.


The replacement 1,750cc twin-cam four was lastA rebuilt in 1998. A Weber
carburetor was fitted in 2000, the radiator was re-cored in 2006, and an
oil change was performed along with the addition of fresh coolant in 2017.


Power is sent to the rear wheels via a five-speed manual transmission that
was removed for repair in 2006. Additional underside photos are provided
below.


Photos taken by the seller in the 1970s and 1980s can be seen in the
gallery along with spare parts and a collection of service records.
Walk-around, start-up, and driving videos are viewable below.

