
This 1988 Porsche 911 Carrera Targa is finished in Nougat Brown Metallic
over Mahogany leather and powered by a 3.2-liter flat-six paired with a
G50 five-speed manual transaxle. The car was reportedly purchased from its
original owner by a friend of the selling dealer in 2014, and acquired by
the current owner in early 2020. Equipment includes a removable roof
panel, electric windows, air conditioning, and a Blaupunkt cassette
stereo. This 911 Targa shows just over 51k miles and is offered on dealer
consignment with manufacturer's literature, service records, a stamped
maintenance booklet, a June 2020 inspection report, a clean Carfax report,
and a clean Arizona title.

51k-Mile 1988 Porsche 911 Carrera Targa G50

The body is finished in Nougat Brown Metallic (L40B) and features fog
lamps, a removable black Targa roof panel, and stone guards affixed to the
rear wheel arches. The right front fender was repaired and refinished
following an accident that occurred during original ownership in 1998, and
the selling dealer reports a full repaint was completed in 2010. The Targa
roof panel received improved seals from the factory for the 1988 model
year.


The 15'' Fuchs wheels feature black centers and polished lips, and wear
Michelin Pilot Exalto tires.


The cabin is upholstered in Mahogany leather with matching plastics and
carpets, the latter of which are protected by coco mats. Amenities include
electric windows, front seats with electric height adjustment, air
conditioning, and a Blaupunkt Reno cassette radio with a six-speaker audio
system. The air conditioning system was serviced in late 2017, and a June
2020 inspection performed by Zuffenhausen Motors of Scottsdale, Arizona
notes play in the shifter bushings and cracks in the door pockets.


VDO instrumentation consists of a central tachometer, a 170-mph
speedometer, and an analog clock along with gauges for fuel level, oil
level, temperature, and oil pressure. The six-digit odometer shows just
over 51k miles, of which approximately 1k have been added during current
ownership.


The 3.2-liter flat-six was rated at 214 horsepower and 195 lb-ft of torque
when new. A valve adjustment was performed and the battery replacedA in
November 2017, while an oil and filter change was completed in June 2020.
The selling dealer notes that the car has been serviced byA Zuffenhausen
Motors of Scottsdale, Arizona since 2000, and the June 2020 inspection
report completed by that facility notes that the windshield washer system
and one of the twin tone horns are inoperable.


Power is sent to the rear wheels through a G50 five-speed manual
transaxle. A collection of underbody photos are available in the gallery
below.


Manufacturer's literature, a stamped maintenance booklet, and service
records are included in the sale.


The August 2020 Carfax report shows no accidents or other damage and lists
history in Illinois, Oregon, and Arizona.

Filed under: g50, g50 911, g50 carrera, impact bumper, impact-bumper

