
This Shelby Cobra is a CSX4000 continuation model that is one of 40
examples built to commemorate the 40th anniversary of Shelby American,
Inc. TheA car was completed on July 5, 2005 at Shelby American in Las
Vegas, Nevada and features a polished aluminum body with brushed racing
stripes. Power comes from an all-aluminum Shelby 427 FE stroker V8
equipped with dual Holley four-barrel carburetors and backed by a
Toploader four-speed manual transmission. Other details include side
pipes, a chrome roll hoop, a glovebox door signed by Carroll Shelby, and
more. The seller acquired the car in 2019 from the widow of its original
owner, and has since replaced the battery and performed a fluid service.
This 40th Anniversary CSX4000 shows 1,800 miles and is offered by the
seller on behalf of his co-owner in Virginia with a Statement of Origin,
build photos, a display plaque and chairs, period literature, and a clean
Alaska title listing it as a 1965 Shelby in the owner's name.

Aluminum-Bodied Shelby Cobra 427 CSX4000 40th Anniversary Edition

The 40th Anniversary Edition Shelby Cobra was announced in 2002 and
limited to 40 examples split between two versions, the aluminum-bodied 427
S/C (CSX4000 line) and the fiberglass-bodied 289 FIA (CSX8000 line).
Chassis CSX4343 is believed to have been one of five cars ordered in
polished aluminum.


The polished bare aluminum bodywork features two brushed center stripes, a
hood scoop, and soft black fender guards. Other features include front and
rearA nudge bars with overriders, side-exit exhaust pipes, plexiglass wind
wings, a single roll hoop, and Shelby badging. The finish and trim are
shown up close in the gallery below.

