
This 1973 BMW 2002tii was sold new in Austria, and the seller purchased it
in Switzerland in 2011 before importing it to the US in 2017. The car is
finished in Condor Yellow over a black vinyl interior with cloth
houndstooth inserts, and power comes from a 2.0-liter inline-four paired
with a close-ratio five-speed manual transmission. Equipment includes
Recaro bucket seats, a Petri Sport steering wheel, a Turbo-style radiator,
a Quicksprint Turbo-style exhaust system, and a BMW-branded Blaupunkt
radio. This 2002tii is now offered with import documentation, service
records, and a clean New York title in the seller's name.

Euro 1973 BMW 2002tii 5-Speed

The body was reportedly refinished from Malaga to CondorgelbA (201) as
part of a refurbishment performed in Austria in 2001 and features chrome
lower chip guards, European-market bumpers with front overriders, and a
rear bumper-mounted fog lamp. The seller notes that paint chips on the
body and in the engine bay were touched up in preparation for the sale.


13'' wheels are wrapped in 185/70 Michelin Energy tires. Suspension
components specific to the tii model included boxed rear semi-trailing
arms as well as special front struts. Braking is handled by power-assisted
front discs and rear drums.


The interior is trimmed in black with black and white houndstooth seat
inserts, black door panels, and salt and pepper carpets. Equipment
includes Recaro sport seats, a BMW Bavaria S-branded Blaupunkt radio, a
dogleg shifter with a wood shift knob, Coco Mats, and black shoulder
belts. The seller states that the seats were refurbished by Lars Alpina in
Frankfurt, Germany, in 2014.


The three-spoke Petri Sport steering wheel fronts a 220-km/h speedometer,
an 8k-rpm tachometer, and gauges for fuel level and coolant temperature.
An air-fuel ratio gauge is mounted on the driver-side windshield pillar,
and ancillary VDO gauges in the center stack display readouts for oil
temperature, battery voltage, and oil pressure. The five-digit odometer
shows 26k kilometers (~16k miles), approximately 10k of which were added
by the seller since 2011.


The replacement 2.0-liter M10 inline-four features Kugelfischer mechanical
fuel injection and was rebuilt in 2019 with a decked block and
9.5:1-compression pistons. The seller states that the fuel-injection pump
and the fuel injectors were serviced in 2019, and equipment includes a
Turbo-style radiator, a tubular exhaust header, and a Quicksprint
Turbo-style exhaust system.


Power is sent to the rear wheels through a close-ratio five-speed manual
transmission with a dogleg shift pattern. Additional underside photos are
provided in the gallery.

Filed under: 02 tii, 2002, 2002 tii, bmw 2002, bmw 2002 tii, bmw tii,
roundie, tii

