
This 1977 Honda CB750F Super Sport is finished in red with a
black-upholstered seat and is powered by a 736cc SOHC inline-four paired
with a five-speed transmission. Equipment includes a chrome front fender,
handlebar-mounted mirrors, Comstar alloy wheels, and a four-into-one
exhaust system. The seller acquired the bike in April 2020 and has since
added approximately 500 of the 17k miles shown. This CB750F is now offered
in Canada at no reserve with an owner's manual, a tool kit, spare parts,
and Alberta registration in the seller's name.

No Reserve: 1977 Honda CB750F Super Sport

The fuel tank and side panels are finished in red and feature orange
accents and gold stripes. The seller notes that the left-side cover was
repainted after a crack was repaired, and the right side of the fuel tank
shows paint damage from a brake fluid leak. Equipment includes a chrome
front fender, handlebar-mounted mirrors, passenger footpegs, and a two-up
seat upholstered in black.


The five-spoke Comstar alloy wheels were reportedly fitted with Dunlop
tires approximately 1k miles ago. The brake pads are said to have been
replaced and the brake calipers rebuilt in April 2020. A front wheel
bearing kit, a rear wheel bearing kit, and steering head bearings
accompany the sale.


Instrumentation includes a 150-mph speedometer, a 12k-rpm tachometer, and
central indicator lights. The-five digit odometer shows 17k miles,
approximately 500 of which were added by the seller.


The air-cooled 736cc SOHC inline-four sends power to the rear wheel
through a five-speed transmission and chain drive. Service completed by
the previous owner in April 2020 included the replacement of the spark
plugs, throttle cables, choke cables, and battery, as well as an oil
change.


The CB750F Super Sport is equipped with a four-into-one exhaust system,
and rust is noted on the exhaust and side stand. Spare parts accompany the
sale.

