
This 1975 Ford C900 was completed as a fire engine by Hamerly Custom
Productions Inc. of Hamburg, Pennsylvania in 1977 for the Pleasant Valley
Volunteer Fire Company of O'Hara Township, Pennsylvania. The vehicle
remained in service with the original operators for a number of years, and
the second owner reportedly used it on his farm and to hose down parking
lots for a paving company prior to the seller's acquisition in 2019. Power
is provided by a 534ci V8 paired with a five-speed manual transmission and
a two-speed rear end. Additional equipment includes anA engine-driven
pump, a 750-gallon tank,A fire hoses, working lights and sirens, a Johnson
two-way radio, and more. New spark plugs and clutch cylinders have been
installed under current ownership. This C900 is offered with
manufacturer's literature, a specification list, owner's and registration
cards, and a clean Pennsylvania title in the seller's name.

No Reserve: 1975 Ford C900 Fire Engine

The truck is based on a 1975 chassis and was converted into a fire engine
in 1977. The two-tone red and white paint scheme features gold-leaf
stripes and lettering, and shows scratches and wear in the gallery below.
The red lower portion of a passenger-side storage cabinet has been
repainted according to the seller, and SWPA Car Collection graphics have
been applied to the front of the cab.


Single front and dual rear multi-piece steel wheels are mounted with
11.00-20 Goodyear Unisteel radial tires. Braking is handled by drums at
all four corners, and an under-dash switch can be used to limit front
brake force depending on road conditions. The truck is equipped with an
engine-driven pump and a 750-gallon tank, and the seller reports that it
was last used by the prior owner's paving company about a year before his
purchase.

