
This 1971 Yamaha HS1 was acquired byA the seller in July 2020, reportedly
following 37 years of storage in New York State. Power is from a 90cc
two-stroke parallel twin paired with a five-speed transmission, and the
bike is finished in red over chrome fenders and a black frame. Factory
equipment includes turn signals, mirrors, automatic oil injection, center
and side stands, and two-up seating. The tires, battery, and oil have been
replaced under current ownership. This HS1 is offered at no reserve with a
bill of sale and transferable New Hampshire registration in the seller's
name.

No Reserve: 1971 Yamaha HS1

The fuel tank is finished in red with white pinstripes and black rubber
knee pads, while the side covers and additional trim are painted to match.
Front and rear turn signals were standard equipment for the first time for
the 1971 model year. Additional equipment includes a two-up seat and dual
mirrors as well as both center and side stands. A 1983 registration
sticker is affixed to the left fork lower.


Wire-spoke 18'' wheels were mounted with L-rated 2.50'' IRC NR53 tires in
July 2020. Suspension consists of a conventional front fork with rubber
gaiters and a rear swingarm featuring dual enclosed shocks. Braking is
from drums at both ends.


Red grips are fitted to the handlebar, on which the seller notes
corrosion. Instrumentation includes a 90-mph speedometer and a tachometer
with a 9k-rpm redline. The five-digit odometer shows 3k miles, a handful
of which were added under current ownership.


The air-cooled, two-stroke 90cc parallel twin produced 10 horsepower when
new. The engineA breathes through twin carburetors and a polished dual
exhaust system, and is equipped with Autolube automatic oil injection.
Power is sent to the rear wheel through a five-speed transmission and a
drive chain. Replacement of the battery and an oil change were carried out
in July 2020.

