
This Packard 4M-2500 engine is one of approximately 12,700 built and is
believed to have powered a US Navy patrol torpedo (PT) boat during World
War II. The supercharged 41-liter V12 produced 1,200 horsepower when new
and features overhead camshafts and four valves per cylinder. It is not in
running condition and sits in a wooden box equipped with castors. Retained
equipment includes a Holley downdraft carburetor, centrifugal
supercharger, and a Delco-Remy electric starter. The engine was donated in
2008 to the seller, the Tahoe Maritime Museum, and is now sold on a bill
of sale at no reserve in Carson City, Nevada.

No Reserve: Packard V12 Marine Engine

Originally developed by Packard in the 1920s for use in aircraft, the
water-cooled 1A-2500 V12 was eventually developed into a marine engine.
The 4M-2500 was the fourth marine variant, succeeding the 900 horsepower
1M-2500, 1,000 horsepower 2M-2500, and the 3M-2500, which debuted in 1939.
Only 15 examples of the 1M, 2M, and 3M versions were built, but 4M
production ramped up ahead of the United States' entry into World War II,
resulting in 12,700 examples being manufactured between 1940 and 1945.


With a 6.375a** bore and a 6.5a** stoke, this gasoline-powered OHC V12
displaces 2,490 cubic inches (40.8 liters). A Holley 1685FR downdraft
carburetor, crank-driven centrifugal supercharger, and Delco-Remy 841
electric starter motor are retained. The 4M variant produced 1,200
horsepower when new.


Serial number P3255 is stamped in the crankcase base as pictured above. 4M
engine serial numbers range from 701 to 13,400, and the seller states this
unit was likely built during the early portion of US involvement in World
War II. The engine and ancillaries are finished in gray paint, which is
peeling throughout.A 


The engine is equipped with hoist chains and sits in a wood box with
castors. The seller does not know when the engine last ran or if the
crankshaft turns over.

