
This 1993 Mercedes-Benz 300D is finished in two-tone black and gray over
gray MB-Tex, and it is powered by a turbodiesel 2.5L inline-five coupled
to a four-speed automatic transmission. Equipment includes a sunroof,
power-adjustable front seats, cruise control, and automatic climate
control. The car spent decades in Texas before being acquired by the
selling dealer, who has had a Pennsylvania inspection and an oil change
performed. Now showing 137k miles, this diesel W124 is offered at no
reserve with service records extending back to 1993, owner's manuals, a
stamped service booklet, a clean Carfax report, and a clean Pennsylvania
title.

No Reserve: 1993 Mercedes-Benz 300D

The black metallic upper body is flanked by gray lower panels. Exterior
equipment includes headlight wipers, body-color door handles, and a power
antenna mast.


Michelin Premier A/S 205/60 tires with 2017 date codes are fitted to
factory 15'' polished alloy wheels. The brake pads were replaced in 2016
at 134k miles.


The interior is finished in gray MB-Tex with matching trim and carpeting
along with polished wood accents on the dash and center stack. Equipment
includes power-adjustable front seats, automatic climate control, power
windows, and heated front seats. A Mercedes-branded Becker Grand Prix
radio head unit controls a factory six-disc CD changer located in the
trunk.


Instrumentation includes a 140-mph speedometer and a 6k-rpm tachometer.
The six-digit mechanical odometer indicates just under 137k miles.


The OM602 turbodiesel inline-five had factory ratings of 123 horsepower
and 165 lb-ft of torque; a four-speed automatic transmission drives the
rear wheels. The timing chain and the diesel injection pump were replaced
in 2015, and the fuel pump and fuel filter were replaced in 2018. The car
received an oil change and passed a Pennsylvania state inspection in June
2020 in preparation for sale. Older service records are provided in the
photo gallery below.


Additional images presented in the gallery show the underbody, suspension,
and exhaust.


The owner's manual is accompanied by a stamped service booklet and other
factory literature.


The August 2020 Carfax report is free of accidents and other issues.
Ownership in Minnesota is documented in the early 1990s, and the car was
registered in Texas from 1996 through 2018.

