
This 1970 Yamaha Enduro 125 is powered by a 123cc two-stroke single mated
to a five-speed transmission and finished in yellow with black pinstriping
over silver fenders. The bike features automatic oil injection, head and
tail lights, a cross-braced handlebar, and a chrome luggage rack. Work
carried out in 2005 and 2006 included a repaint and servicing the
carburetor as well as replacement of the wheel spokes, control and
instrument cables, fork dust seals, ignition points, and rear sprocket.
This AT1B is offered at no reserve by the selling dealer with owner's
literature, sales brochures, 2000s service records, and a clean North
Carolina title.

No Reserve: 1970 Yamaha Enduro 125 AT1

The 1.9-gallon fuel and 1.3-quart oil tanks were media-blasted and
refinished in yellow with black pinstripes in 2005 along with the
headlight bucket and mounting brackets. Additional equipment includes
silver-painted fenders, a chrome luggage rack, a polished exhaust guard,
and a tool kit storage compartment.


Chrome 18'' wire-spoke wheels were fitted with new spokes and tires in
2006, while the conventional fork received new dust seals. The rear
swingarm is mounted with dual shocks, and braking is from drums at both
ends.


Instrumentation includes a 100-mph speedometer, a tachometer with an
8,500-rpm redline, and a five-digit odometer showing 5k miles. The front
brake lever was replaced in 2005, as were the cables for theA instruments
and control levers.


The 123cc two-stroke single was rated at nearly 12 horsepower when new and
is mated to a five-speed transmission. Induction is via a Mikuni
carburetor that was serviced in 2005, while additional features include a
black high-mount exhaust system, Autolube automatic oil injection, and a
drive chain. A 45-tooth sprocket was installed along with a new airbox and
ignition points during the 2000s work, while the petcock was rebuilt by
the selling dealer.


Owner's literature, sales brochures, and service receipts from 2005 and
2006 are included in the sale.

