
This 1966 Mercedes-Benz 250SE was purchased new by the seller's father,
who reportedly took delivery of the car in Germany before relocating it to
California and, later, Utah. It remained in storage from 2004 until 2017,
at which time it was serviced with the replacement of the tires, fuel
pump, battery, and spark plugs. The car is finished in light blue over
blue and is powered by a 2.5-liter M129 inline-six mated to a four-speed
manual transmission. Equipment includes steel wheels with painted center
caps and polished beauty rings, chrome trim, a wood dash panel, and an
aftermarket cassette stereo. This W108 is now offered on behalf of the
seller's mother with recent service records and a clean Utah title.

One-Family-Owned 1966 Mercedes-Benz 250SE 4-Speed

The seller states that the exterior has been refinished in its original
Horizon Blue, and it features quad headlights, a driver-side mirror, dual
exhaust outlets, and chrome bumpers, window surrounds, and trim. Bubbling
paint, corrosion, and other flaws are visible in the gallery, and the
rubber trim has separated from the front bumper. The passenger-side chrome
fender trim is pulled out, and the hood ornament is broken. A replacement
Mercedes-Benz hood emblem accompanies the car. A walk-around video is
provided by the seller, as is footage showcasing the headlights and
taillights.


The steel wheels wear body-color Mercedes-Benz center caps and polished
beauty rings. Hankook Optimo tires were reportedly fitted in 2017.


Blue seating is accompanied by black carpets, blue door panels, and a
white headliner. Wood trim adorns the dash, and interior equipment
includes an aftermarket Realistic cassette stereo, a lockable glovebox,
manual wind-up windows, and floor mats. The driver's door panel is
damaged.

