
This 1967 Ford Mustang Fastback was built by Ringbrothers, who gave it the
nickname a**Copperback.a** It was returned to Ringbrothers four years ago
for additional upgrades, and was acquired by the selling dealer in May
2020. The car is finished in Copper Burnt Orange Metallic with unique
touches including carbon fiber panels, ground effects, and billet accents,
and a custom brown and black leather interior was fitted four years ago.
Power is provided by a fuel-injected Roush Performance 427ci V8 paired
with a Tremec five-speed manual transmission, and the chassis features
Ridetech adjustable coilovers, Baer four-wheel disc brakes, a Currie Ford
9a** limited-slip rear end, and more as outlined below. This Ringbrothers
Mustang is now offered by the selling dealer in Massachusetts with an
information binder, a custom car cover, and a clean California title using
an Arizona state-assigned VIN.

Ringbrothers 1967 Ford Mustang Fastback

During the initial 2007 project, the car was disassembled and sent out for
media blasting after being chosen for the Ringbrothers build. The body was
customized with shaved drip rails and door handles and a raised dorsal
line along the length of the car. Custom carbon fiber hood and trunk
panels were fabricated by Gemini Technology Systems, who also provided
molds for the lower valence. The lower side scoops were reshaped with a
deeper profile, the bumpers were shortened, and custom steel ground
effects panels were added. The concave taillight panel was replaced with a
flat panel and overlaid with carbon fiber, and openings were added for the
exhaust exits.


The body is finished in Glasurit Copper Burnt Orange Metallic, with dark
gray on the hood, air dam, side skirts, and rear spoiler. New tinted glass
was installed during the build, and the trim around the windshield, rear
glass, and side vents was blacked out. Machined billet aluminum accents
include the hood and cowl vents, sail panel vent inserts, teardrop hood
pin bezels, and front brake ducts, along with the black billet gas cap,
side grille air intakes, and taillight surrounds. Closeups showing areas
of imperfection in the finish are provided in the photo gallery below.


The three-piece 19a** iForged wheels feature black powdercoated centers.
They measure 8a** wide up front and 11a** wide out back and wear Michelin
Pilot Sport tires measuring 255/30 and 305/30 respectively. The braking
system utilizes two-piece slotted and drilled rotors with a 15a** diameter
up front and a 14a** diameter out back, as well as Baer 6S monoblock
calipers and ceramic brake pads.


The interior was re-trimmed in custom upholstery by Steve Pearson of
Upholstery Unlimited as part of upgrades carried out during the cara**s
return to Ringbrothers about four years ago. Brown and black leather
covers custom-molded bucket seats that are fitted with Schroth four-point
harnesses. Matching two-tone leather covers the dash, door panels, and
Momo steering wheel. The rear deck features leather-wrapped roll hoops,
leather side trim, and custom-patterned carpeting, which also covers the
lower console, footwells, and trunk area. The headliner, sun visors, and
pillars are covered with soft black upholstery, and the floors are
protected by carpeted mats. Custom carbon fiber and aluminum accents are
positioned throughout the cabin, including door sills that illuminate the
word a**Copperbacka** in red.

