   Link: canonical
   Cockroach Labs
   Products
   Products CockroachDB CockroachCloud Compare Products Pricing
   Capabilities SQL Scale Resilience Geo-Partitioning Cloud Native
   Customers
   Learn
   Docs University
   Resources
   Guides Videos & Webinars Partners Forum
   Blog Get CockroachDB Contact Us
   Cockroach Labs
   Products
   Products CockroachDB CockroachCloud Compare Products Pricing
   Capabilities SQL Scale Resilience Geo-Partitioning Cloud Native
   Customers
   Learn
   Docs University
   Resources
   Guides Videos & Webinars Partners Forum
   Blog Get CockroachDB Contact Us

                                Cluster Settings

   Contribute 
     * Edit This Page
     * Report Doc Issue
     * Suggest New Content

   Cluster settings apply to all nodes of a CockroachDB cluster and control,
   for example, whether or not to share diagnostic details with Cockroach
   Labs as well as advanced options for debugging and cluster tuning.

   They can be updated anytime after a cluster has been started, but only by
   a member of the admin role, to which the root user belongs by default.

   Note:

   In contrast to cluster-wide settings, node-level settings apply to a
   single node. They are defined by flags passed to the cockroach start
   command when starting a node and cannot be changed without stopping and
   restarting the node. For more details, see Start a Node.

Settings

   Warning:

   Many cluster settings are intended for tuning CockroachDB internals.
   Before changing these settings, we strongly encourage you to discuss your
   goals with Cockroach Labs; otherwise, you use them at your own risk.

Setting                                               Type        Default   Description                                  
cloudstorage.gs.default.key                           string                if set, JSON key to use during Google Cloud  
                                                                            Storage operations                           
                                                                            custom root CA (appended to system's default 
cloudstorage.http.custom_ca                           string                CAs) for verifying certificates when         
                                                                            interacting with HTTPS storage               
cloudstorage.timeout                                  duration    10m0s     the timeout for import/export storage        
                                                                            operations                                   
cluster.organization                                  string                organization name                            
                                                                            disable (automatic or manual) cluster        
cluster.preserve_downgrade_option                     string                version upgrade from the specified version   
                                                                            until reset                                  
                                                                            interval after which SQL statement           
                                                                            statistics are refreshed even if not         
diagnostics.forced_sql_stat_reset.interval            duration    2h0m0s    collected (should be more than               
                                                                            diagnostics.sql_stat_reset.interval). It has 
                                                                            a max value of 24H.                          
diagnostics.reporting.enabled                         boolean     true      enable reporting diagnostic metrics to       
                                                                            cockroach labs                               
diagnostics.reporting.interval                        duration    1h0m0s    interval at which diagnostics data should be 
                                                                            reported                                     
                                                                            interval controlling how often SQL statement 
                                                                            statistics should be reset (should be less   
diagnostics.sql_stat_reset.interval                   duration    1h0m0s    than                                         
                                                                            diagnostics.forced_sql_stat_reset.interval). 
                                                                            It has a max value of 24H.                   
enterprise.license                                    string                the encoded cluster license                  
                                                                            if nonempty, push server metrics to the      
external.graphite.endpoint                            string                Graphite or Carbon server at the specified   
                                                                            host:port                                    
external.graphite.interval                            duration    10s       the interval at which metrics are pushed to  
                                                                            Graphite (if enabled)                        
                                                                            the interval at which jobs are deleted after 
jobs.retention_time                                   duration    336h0m0s  entering into a terminal state (e.g.,        
                                                                            Successful, Canceled, Failed)                
kv.allocator.load_based_lease_rebalancing.enabled     boolean     true      set to enable rebalancing of range leases    
                                                                            based on load and latency                    
                                                                  leases    whether to rebalance based on the            
kv.allocator.load_based_rebalancing                   enumeration and       distribution of QPS across stores [off = 0,  
                                                                  replicas  leases = 1, leases and replicas = 2]         
                                                                            minimum fraction away from the mean a        
kv.allocator.qps_rebalance_threshold                  float       0.25      store's QPS (such as queries per second) can 
                                                                            be before it is considered overfull or       
                                                                            underfull                                    
                                                                            minimum fraction away from the mean a        
kv.allocator.range_rebalance_threshold                float       0.05      store's range count can be before it is      
                                                                            considered overfull or underfull             
kv.bulk_io_write.max_rate                             byte size   1.0 TiB   the rate limit (bytes/sec) to use for writes 
                                                                            to disk on behalf of bulk io ops             
                                                                            allow (all) replicas to serve consistent     
kv.closed_timestamp.follower_reads_enabled            boolean     true      historical reads based on closed timestamp   
                                                                            information                                  
kv.protectedts.reconciliation.interval                duration    5m0s      the frequency for reconciling jobs with      
                                                                            protected timestamp records                  
kv.rangefeed.enabled                                  boolean     false     if set, rangefeed registration is enabled    
                                                                            the frequency for generating the             
                                                                            replication_constraint_stats,                
kv.replication_reports.interval                       duration    1m0s      replication_stats_report and                 
                                                                            replication_critical_localities reports (set 
                                                                            to 0 to disable)                             
kv.snapshot_rebalance.max_rate                        byte size   8.0 MiB   the rate limit (bytes/sec) to use for        
                                                                            rebalance and upreplication snapshots        
kv.snapshot_recovery.max_rate                         byte size   8.0 MiB   the rate limit (bytes/sec) to use for        
                                                                            recovery snapshots                           
kv.transaction.max_intents_bytes                      integer     262144    maximum number of bytes used to track locks  
                                                                            in transactions                              
kv.transaction.max_refresh_spans_bytes                integer     256000    maximum number of bytes used to track        
                                                                            refresh spans in serializable transactions   
                                                                            if set, log SQL client connect and           
server.auth_log.sql_connections.enabled               boolean     false     disconnect events (note: may hinder          
                                                                            performance on loaded nodes)                 
                                                                            if set, log SQL session login/disconnection  
server.auth_log.sql_sessions.enabled                  boolean     false     events (note: may hinder performance on      
                                                                            loaded nodes)                                
server.clock.forward_jump_check_enabled               boolean     false     if enabled, forward clock jumps >            
                                                                            max_offset/2 will cause a panic              
                                                                            the interval between persisting the wall     
                                                                            time upper bound of the clock. The clock     
                                                                            does not generate a wall time greater than   
                                                                            the persisted timestamp and will panic if it 
                                                                            sees a wall time greater than this value.    
server.clock.persist_upper_bound_interval             duration    0s        When cockroach starts, it waits for the wall 
                                                                            time to catch-up till this persisted         
                                                                            timestamp. This guarantees monotonic wall    
                                                                            time across server restarts. Not setting     
                                                                            this or setting a value of 0 disables this   
                                                                            feature.                                     
                                                                            if nonzero, event log entries older than     
server.eventlog.ttl                                   duration    2160h0m0s this duration are deleted every 10m0s.       
                                                                            Should not be lowered below 24 hours.        
server.host_based_authentication.configuration        string                host-based authentication configuration to   
                                                                            use during connection authentication         
                                                                            if nonzero, range log entries older than     
server.rangelog.ttl                                   duration    720h0m0s  this duration are deleted every 10m0s.       
                                                                            Should not be lowered below 24 hours.        
server.remote_debugging.mode                          string      local     set to enable remote debugging,              
                                                                            localhost-only or disable (any, local, off)  
                                                                            the amount of time a server waits in an      
server.shutdown.drain_wait                            duration    0s        unready state before proceeding with the     
                                                                            rest of the shutdown process                 
server.shutdown.query_wait                            duration    10s       the server will wait for at least this       
                                                                            amount of time for active queries to finish  
                                                                            the time after which if there is no new      
server.time_until_store_dead                          duration    5m0s      gossiped information about a store, it is    
                                                                            considered dead                              
                                                                            timeout after which client authentication    
server.user_login.timeout                             duration    10s       times out if some system range is            
                                                                            unavailable (0 = no timeout)                 
server.web_session_timeout                            duration    168h0m0s  the duration that a newly created web        
                                                                            session will be valid                        
sql.defaults.default_int_size                         integer     8         the size, in bytes, of an INT type           
                                                                            default size of the buffer that accumulates  
                                                                            results for a statement or a batch of        
                                                                            statements before they are sent to the       
                                                                            client. This can be overridden on an         
                                                                            individual connection with the               
                                                                            'results_buffer_size' parameter. Note that   
                                                                            auto-retries generally only happen while no  
sql.defaults.results_buffer.size                      byte size   16 KiB    results have been delivered to the client,   
                                                                            so reducing this size can increase the       
                                                                            number of retriable errors a client          
                                                                            receives. On the other hand, increasing the  
                                                                            buffer size can increase the delay until the 
                                                                            client receives the first result row.        
                                                                            Updating the setting only affects new        
                                                                            connections. Setting to 0 disables any       
                                                                            buffering.                                   
                                                                            default handling of SERIAL in table          
sql.defaults.serial_normalization                     enumeration rowid     definitions [rowid = 0, virtual_sequence =   
                                                                            1, sql_sequence = 2]                         
sql.distsql.max_running_flows                         integer     500       maximum number of concurrent flows that can  
                                                                            be run on a node                             
                                                                            set to true to enable use of disk for        
sql.distsql.temp_storage.joins                        boolean     true      distributed sql joins. Note that disabling   
                                                                            this can have negative impact on memory      
                                                                            usage and performance.                       
                                                                            set to true to enable use of disk for        
sql.distsql.temp_storage.sorts                        boolean     true      distributed sql sorts. Note that disabling   
                                                                            this can have negative impact on memory      
                                                                            usage and performance.                       
                                                                            when set to non-zero, log statements whose   
sql.log.slow_query.latency_threshold                  duration    0s        service latency exceeds the threshold to a   
                                                                            secondary logger on each node                
sql.metrics.statement_details.dump_to_logs            boolean     false     dump collected statement statistics to node  
                                                                            logs when periodically cleared               
sql.metrics.statement_details.enabled                 boolean     true      collect per-statement query statistics       
sql.metrics.statement_details.plan_collection.enabled boolean     true      periodically save a logical plan for each    
                                                                            fingerprint                                  
sql.metrics.statement_details.plan_collection.period  duration    5m0s      the time until a new logical plan is         
                                                                            collected                                    
sql.metrics.statement_details.threshold               duration    0s        minimum execution time to cause statistics   
                                                                            to be collected                              
sql.metrics.transaction_details.enabled               boolean     true      collect per-application transaction          
                                                                            statistics                                   
sql.notices.enabled                                   boolean     true      enable notices in the server/client protocol 
                                                                            being sent                                   
sql.stats.automatic_collection.enabled                boolean     true      automatic statistics collection mode         
sql.stats.automatic_collection.fraction_stale_rows    float       0.2       target fraction of stale rows per table that 
                                                                            will trigger a statistics refresh            
sql.stats.automatic_collection.min_stale_rows         integer     500       target minimum number of stale rows per      
                                                                            table that will trigger a statistics refresh 
sql.stats.histogram_collection.enabled                boolean     true      histogram collection mode                    
sql.stats.post_events.enabled                         boolean     false     if set, an event is logged for every CREATE  
                                                                            STATISTICS job                               
sql.temp_object_cleaner.cleanup_interval              duration    30m0s     how often to clean up orphaned temporary     
                                                                            objects                                      
sql.trace.log_statement_execute                       boolean     false     set to true to enable logging of executed    
                                                                            statements                                   
                                                                            set to true to enable session tracing. Note  
sql.trace.session_eventlog.enabled                    boolean     false     that enabling this may have a non-trivial    
                                                                            negative performance impact.                 
sql.trace.txn.enable_threshold                        duration    0s        duration beyond which all transactions are   
                                                                            traced (set to 0 to disable)                 
                                                                            if set, periodic timeseries data is stored   
timeseries.storage.enabled                            boolean     true      within the cluster; disabling is not         
                                                                            recommended unless you are storing the data  
                                                                            elsewhere                                    
                                                                            the maximum age of time series data stored   
timeseries.storage.resolution_10s.ttl                 duration    240h0m0s  at the 10 second resolution. Data older than 
                                                                            this is subject to rollup and deletion.      
                                                                            the maximum age of time series data stored   
timeseries.storage.resolution_30m.ttl                 duration    2160h0m0s at the 30 minute resolution. Data older than 
                                                                            this is subject to deletion.                 
trace.debug.enable                                    boolean     false     if set, traces for recent requests can be    
                                                                            seen in the /debug page                      
trace.lightstep.token                                 string                if set, traces go to Lightstep using this    
                                                                            token                                        
                                                                            if set, traces go to the given Zipkin        
trace.zipkin.collector                                string                instance (example: '127.0.0.1:9411');        
                                                                            ignored if trace.lightstep.token is set      
version                                               custom      19.2-14   set the active cluster version in the format 
                                                      validation            '.'                                          

View current cluster settings

   Use the SHOW CLUSTER SETTING statement.

Change a cluster setting

   Use the SET CLUSTER SETTING statement.

   Before changing a cluster setting, please note the following:

     * Changing a cluster setting is not instantaneous, as the change must be
       propagated to other nodes in the cluster.

     * Do not change cluster settings while upgrading to a new version of
       CockroachDB. Wait until all nodes have been upgraded before you make
       the change.

See also

     * SET CLUSTER SETTING
     * SHOW CLUSTER SETTING
     * Diagnostics Reporting
     * Start a Node
     * Use the Built-in SQL Client

   Was this page helpful?

   Yes No
     * Product
          * CockroachDB
          * CockroachCloud
          * Compare
          * Pricing
          * What's New
          * Get CockroachDB
          * Sign In
     * Resources
          * Guides
          * Videos & Webinars
          * Architecture Overview
          * FAQ
          * Security
     * Learn
          * Docs
          * University
     * Support Channels
          * Forum
          * Slack
          * Support Portal
          * Contact Us
     * Company
          * About
          * Blog
          * Careers
          * Customers
          * Events
          * News
          * Privacy
   © 2020 Cockroach Labs
   Thank you for downloading CockroachDB
   Keep up-to-date with CockroachDB software releases and usage best
   practices
   Keep up-to-date with CockroachDB software releases and usage best
   practices
